Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 8, Home, Sweet Home.
This unit has 28 vocabulary cards in 5 learning groups.
Group 1 is Types of Homes.
Listen for words such as house, apartment, hut, tree house, nest, hive.
Group 2 is Rooms in a Home.
Listen for words such as bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room.
Group 3 is Things at Home.
Listen for words such as bed, table, chair, sofa, sink, rug.
Group 4 is Jobs I Do at Home (Verbs).
Listen for words such as make my bed, tidy my room, sweep the floor, set the table, wash the dishes.
Group 5 is Homes Around the World.
Listen for words such as adobe house, stilt house, cave house, skyscraper.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 8.